
label start:
	
label poststart:

    # 
    play music "zaris" fadein 5

    scene bg city
    m "Ungh... Where am I? What happened?"
    show derpy normal at cright
 
    d "We found you unconscious. It would appear that you fell off the castle tower..."
    d "Yet somehow you survived. It's a miracle!"
    show mc normal at cleft

    m "Yes, I remember... You're not far off, a miracle might very well be what saved me."
    m "You must be from the eastern kingdom, if I'm not mistaken."

    d "Indeed! I am Akio and these are my humble knight brethren."
    d "We came to the castle to bring the king our greatest treasure; the holy blade Onikiri."
    d "But alas, we found the castle already in this sorry state."
    d "We made our way through the cursed garden to see what was happening inside, only to find the main gate locked."

    m "I have to hurry back to the castle! I can open the gate no prob- ...!?"
    	"Hero searches in his bags frantically"

    d "You must be looking for this. We found you holding it, so I took good care of it. A most curious design. What might it be?"

    menu:

        "Tell Akio about the true nature of the wishing stone":
            jump toldtruth
            
        "Keep the stone's power a secret":
            jump keptsecret


label toldtruth:
	m "This stone is what caused this place to change like that. Yet it is the only thing that can restore it and stop the nightmare from growing."

	d "I see... A most terrifying trinket indeed."

	m "Yes, but not to worry! As long as I am the one holding it, nothing bad will happen."

	d "In that case, please do keep it safe and let nobody take it from you."
			jump afterchoice

label keptsecret:
	m "This stone is our kingdom's most valuable heirloom, which I was sent to deliver to the king. And I still intend to do so, even if it's the last thing I do."

	d "I see. Then our goals are the same! Why do we not work together, to make our journey less perilous?"

	m "I am sorry, friend, for I work alone. But should you ever need my help, then I will hurry to your aid, and I hope you will do the same."

	d "I thought you might say that. Fair enough, friend."
			jump afterchoice


label afterchoice:
	m "I am forever in your debt, but I must depart now. May the gods watch over, and lady luck smile upon you."
		"Hero leaves the tent without looking back."

	d "..."


label stone01:
	// Here d isn't akio but the stone, handlers will have to be replaced
	d "Young master, if I may make a suggestion? You can use my power to destroy obstacles such as this... if I am in a good mood."
	d "Is that not oh so generous of me?"

	menu:

		"I appreciate it. I couldn't do it without you.":
			jump positive01

		"Do you really have a choice?":
			jump negative01


label positive01:
	d "Ahh, considering you are of the people who confined me within this stone, you are quite well mannered I must say."
	d "I suppose you may count on me then."

	m "I will let you know, that I cannot forgive you for what you did here..."
	m "However I still like to think that there is some reason in you. And I think that we can restore this place to its former glory together."

	d "..."
		// Stone's mood will improve


label negative01:
	d "But of course, I see..."
	d "You are not exactly wrong, but you're not exactly right either."
	d "I do have to realize my master's every wish, but remember the King's folly; not every wish is well put."

	m "Yes, I realize that. I will be careful with my wishes. And I won't forgive you for what you did."

	d "I did nothing wrong. My master uttered a wish and, as foolish as it was, I had to comply and do my work."

	m "Indeed... let's leave it at that."
		// Stone's mood will decrease



label treesploded:
	d "Yes yes, all in a day's work. Incidentally, young master, why don't you just wish for me to restore this whole place to its former self?"

	m "Because I know better. Our people have used your power for millenia, yet our kingdom has not fallen into chaos."
	m "That is because we only make small wishes, and only if absolutely necessary."
	m "If I wished for you to restore everything to the way it was, maybe you would return this land to a time where this kingdom didn't even exist."

	d "If only King Drovaric had been so wise..."
	d "Well you seem very capable by yourself. With some additional help by me, you should be able to clean up this mess in no time!"

	m "We shall see. I have a bad feeling about this."


label meetminion:
	m "What the hell is that?!"

	d "You! Give food!"

	m "Oh? It can talk?"

	d "Young master, there is more to this creature than meets the eye."

	m "How so?"

	d "I detect mixed life force readings from it. Part of it stems from the nightmare, but at its core it's a creature native to this place."
	d "It would appear that it was a resident of this place, only the nightmare changed its appearance."

	m "I see..."

	d "Furthermore it does not seem to be hostile."
	d "Though its intelligence seems dismal, even compared to young master, maybe we could use it to our advantage!"

	m "I suppose I could try that. You there! Follow me and help me ward off my foes."

	"The minion picks its nose."

	d "It seems to be fond of food."

	m "Right... You there! From now on you shall be my minion and obey my every command. As a reward I will bestow food upon you."

	d "Food? Give food!"

	m "Yes... Yes, I will. I really wonder if I can rely on this thing. I might be able to use it as bait if I get attacked."


label treebridge:
	d "You are welcome, once again. I do not normally serve as substitute for a woodcutter's axe. You are lucky I am in a good mood."

	m "How so?"

	d "You know, sometimes when I'm in a bad mood, I have problems concentrating."
	d "Would have been unfortunate, had this tree fallen to the wrong side and buried you beneath it, would it not?"

	m "I'll be sure to remember!"


label brokenfloor:
	m "Damn, there's a key on the other side, but I can't reach it."

	d "That is just unfortunate..."

	m "I'll find a way."


label freezewater:
	d "What an interesting idea. Did you come up with that yourself, or did a minion give it to you?"

	m "Ah, belittling my mortal intellect. Very funny. Let's move on."


label meetakio:
	d "Ahh, there you are friend! After seeing what horrors lurk in these gardens, I had feared for the worst."

	m "I can take care of myself. But say, what are you doing here without your knights?"

	d "We got separated. I hope they are well. They are fine warriors but they lack a holy weapon like mine."
	d "The creatures running rampant in this area are creatures of impurity. The Onikiri banishes the impure."

	m "I see... What are you going to do now?"

	d "I will remain here and wait for my companions. Please tell them to regroup here if you meet them."

	m "Will do. Hang in there!"


label repeatakio
	d "I will remain here and wait for my companions. Please tell them to regroup here if you meet them."


return




